# swagger-java-client

Grounded Model Exchange (GroMEt) schema for Function Networks
- API version: 0.1.4
  - Build date: 2022-10-02T01:18:52.196-07:00[America/Phoenix]

This document defines the GroMEt Function Network data model. Note that Metadata is defined in separate spec.  __Using Swagger to Generate Class Structure__  To automatically generate Python or Java models corresponding to this document, you can use [swagger-codegen](https://swagger.io/tools/swagger-codegen/). This can be used to generate the client code based off of this spec, and in the process this will generate the data model class structure.  1. Install via the method described for your operating system    [here](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen#Prerequisites).    Make sure to install a version after 3.0 that will support openapi 3. 2. Run swagger-codegen with the options in the example below.    The URL references where the yaml for this documentation is stored on    github. Make sure to replace CURRENT_VERSION with the correct version.    (The current version is `0.1.4`.)    To generate Java classes rather, change the `-l python` to `-l java`.    Change the value to the `-o` option to the desired output location.    ```    swagger-codegen generate -l python -o ./client -i https://raw.githubusercontent.com/ml4ai/automates-v2/master/docs/source/gromet_FN_v{CURRENT_VERSION}.yaml    ``` 3. Once it executes, the client code will be generated at your specified    location.    For python, the classes will be located in    `$OUTPUT_PATH/swagger_client/models/`.    For java, they will be located in    `$OUTPUT_PATH/src/main/java/io/swagger/client/model/`  If generating GroMEt schema data model classes in SKEMA (AutoMATES), then afer generating the above, follow the instructions here: ``` <automates>/automates/model_assembly/gromet/model/README.md ``` 


*Automatically generated by the [Swagger Codegen](https://github.com/swagger-api/swagger-codegen)*


## Requirements

Building the API client library requires:
1. Java 1.7+
2. Maven/Gradle

## Installation

To install the API client library to your local Maven repository, simply execute:

```shell
mvn clean install
```

To deploy it to a remote Maven repository instead, configure the settings of the repository and execute:

```shell
mvn clean deploy
```

Refer to the [OSSRH Guide](http://central.sonatype.org/pages/ossrh-guide.html) for more information.

### Maven users

Add this dependency to your project's POM:

```xml
<dependency>
  <groupId>io.swagger</groupId>
  <artifactId>swagger-java-client</artifactId>
  <version>1.0.0</version>
  <scope>compile</scope>
</dependency>
```

### Gradle users

Add this dependency to your project's build file:

```groovy
compile "io.swagger:swagger-java-client:1.0.0"
```

### Others

At first generate the JAR by executing:

```shell
mvn clean package
```

Then manually install the following JARs:

* `target/swagger-java-client-1.0.0.jar`
* `target/lib/*.jar`

## Getting Started

Please follow the [installation](#installation) instruction and execute the following Java code:

```java
```

## Documentation for API Endpoints

All URIs are relative to */*

Class | Method | HTTP request | Description
------------ | ------------- | ------------- | -------------

## Documentation for Models

 - [AttributeType](docs/AttributeType.md)
 - [FunctionType](docs/FunctionType.md)
 - [GrometBox](docs/GrometBox.md)
 - [GrometBoxConditional](docs/GrometBoxConditional.md)
 - [GrometBoxFunction](docs/GrometBoxFunction.md)
 - [GrometBoxLoop](docs/GrometBoxLoop.md)
 - [GrometFN](docs/GrometFN.md)
 - [GrometFNModule](docs/GrometFNModule.md)
 - [GrometObject](docs/GrometObject.md)
 - [GrometPort](docs/GrometPort.md)
 - [GrometWire](docs/GrometWire.md)
 - [ImportReference](docs/ImportReference.md)
 - [ImportType](docs/ImportType.md)
 - [LiteralValue](docs/LiteralValue.md)
 - [Metadata](docs/Metadata.md)
 - [SourceType](docs/SourceType.md)
 - [TypedValue](docs/TypedValue.md)

## Documentation for Authorization

All endpoints do not require authorization.
Authentication schemes defined for the API:

## Recommendation

It's recommended to create an instance of `ApiClient` per thread in a multithreaded environment to avoid any potential issues.

## Author

